one whole onion that I've chopped up a
little bit of butter and caramelized on
the edges and to that add a nice fat
juicy globe of garlic oh yes there you
go
and that I'm going to add not eight
ounces of grated carrot and key medium
quarters that I've cut up in sort of
pieces get a nice texture so when I bind
that together it really looks beautiful
the colors just stand out magnificently
tossing it together Oh beautiful lovely
little bit of pepper and you touch salt
that's it lovely Oh give that a little
bit of a mix now I'm going to tell you
how to combine all these wonderful
flavors together
blitz down one can of chickpeas which I
have washed and drained and I've blitz
them down in my food processor to that
you add one egg yolk I said three
tablespoons of chopped flat parsley if
you wanted to use the spring variety you
could but it'll make you bounce up and
down a little bit but there you go and
two teaspoons of korma curry paste which
is in fact is quite mild so if you like
it a little bit spicy you can go out and
get yourself a nice hot paste and put a
couple of teaspoons of that in instead
left up to you oh I'm so good but next
is some peanut butter love tablespoons
of peanut butter if you've got an
allergy to nuts please just don't bother
putting it in use another egg yolk to
bind it together but just eliminate it
completely from it finally I've got some
bread crumbs there now I'm using
wholemeal bread crumbs we wanted to use
white once again please do and we just
start to mix that all together mixing it
in a little bit of pepper in there
that's it and a touch of salt
that's lovely that's it once again give
that a mix wait now for our vegetables
you those straight in now you don't want
to overcook them want to keep them nice
and crunchy just releasing the flavors
there that's it lovely okay and then
looks that together you want to get a
lot of air in here this time to cool
down those vegetables because the idea
is is that you make up the burgers with
your fingers oh yes aids that's it
that's lovely okay now start mixed the
best way of describing it is first to
pick up large enough quantity to make
something look slightly slightly smaller
than a tennis ball and shape it with
your hands and then flatten it and curl
it in your palms all at the same time
until you have the perfect korma
courgette chickpea burrow go mmm yes
look at that that's what you call a
veggie burger you pop them in your
fridge for a couple of hours and take
them out and they cook beautifully on
your barbecue
lightly brush the burgers with oil and
barbecue over medium potholes for six to
seven minutes on each side